What I love most about Olivia, is how shy she is in interviews but she lights up the screen. She has this awkward shyness about her that makes you love her even more and her talent in simply undeniable.Olivia is sooo adorable! Such a sweet gentle person, with a very self-deprecating sense of humour! A true gem!I think she's just cute as a button, and a wonderful actress.Olivia Coleman may have "Funny Teeth" but she's one of Britain best actors.I am just now coming to the Olivia Colman fan club. Sorry didn't know much about her being stateside. But now I am so glad I do. I can't get enough of her.Olivia Colman is such a cutie pie. She lights up a room, is very talented and extremely likable. I wanna hug her!! 🤗Though short, her Meryl impression was uncanny!So adorable, Olivia Colman. You're so great in The Favourite  ! Bravo Oscar Winner !She’s such a sweet person. I love her smile so much. Net Positive!Very talented actress, but to me she'll always be Pam Bachelor from Look Around You. She got the late 70s/early 80s look perfectly :)She is marvelous in Tyrannosaur! Absolutely brilliant!Olivia Coleman was excellent in Tyrannosaur. She is just so adorableI bloody adore this woman.that's her. She is actually really attractive. And I think her teeth are her best part (second only to her legs of course.) but I love when she smiles cuz it's so charming.she has one hell of a meryl impressionShe is SO gorgeous, I'm 24 and REALLY fancy this womanI was kind of surprised that her work with Mitchell & Webb wasn't mentioned, actually.  brilliant in Rev, as well as in Broadchurch with Tenant. (can´t recall if the right title) hum! LOVED her anyhow!She's the sort of woman that creeps up on you, then you realise you really fancy her; date her, get into bed, etc. She is sexy, and she has some body, but she is naturally modest and humble and natural. When she goes on TV to promote her work, you realise what a lucky, lucky man her husband is. She is the girl who lives next door who grows up and gradually you start staring at her as she gets older because you can't believe you didn't ask her out...Loved Olivia in Green Wing!She is so lovely <3She's kind of good-looking, in a weird way.When I see her off the screen like this, all I can think about is Debbie Doonan.No, but she was the woman with two kids, copied by Prisoner Zero in "The Eleventh Hour" episode.Doris from Hot Fuzz has seriously gone up in the world, huh? :PWhat did she say after 'Meryl and Jim' that made everybody laugh?I love her, and i have so many lesbian fantasy with her.no. However, she was Prisoner Zero in The Eleventh Hour :)HAHAHAHAHALol watched this yesterdayShe has amazing legs <3That was Frances Barber.<3Whoa is she Sophie from Peep Show?hahaDon't ever say that to any woman. Ever.Of course i wouldn't.oh dear~Yes!!  Are her teeth real I'm confused bevshse she's shows a lot of gum when smilingI dunno I quite like a midnight gobbleyep